Add buildkite-agent, redhat-openShift_container_platform and opentele… (#106)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/opentelemetry-go.md

Author: How have you reached to the conclusion that version 1.15.0 is working on ARM64? Probably you tested that version right? So it's better to add this testing info in the other_info field.

---
name: opentelemetry-go
category: Tracing
description: Go API and SDK for observability framework & toolkit designed to create, manage telemetry data such as traces, metrics, and log.
download_url: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go/releases
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: 1.15.0
    release_date: 28/4/2023

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://opentelemetry.io/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://opentelemetry.io/docs/languages/go/getting-started/
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum:
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: The Project don't build/test on arm64 in ci although arm64 support is present.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: Although arm64 support is present, the project doesn't build/test on arm64 through ci.
```
